# Security WG meeting 2017-07-13

GitHub issue: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/28
Meeting video: TBA
Previous meeting: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/22


# Present

- Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
- Josh Brown-White (@joshbw)
- Colin Ihrig (@cjihrig)
- Danny Grander (@grnd - GitHub, @grander - twitter)
- Sam Roberts (@sam-github)

# Review of last meeting

Nothing to review

# Introductions

- Danny, security researcher at snyk.io
- Josh, works at Microsoft trustworthy computing
- Michael, works at IBM in runtimes tech with Node
- Sam, also works at IBM in runtimes Node
- Colin, works on Node core

# Agenda

## Make the meeting recurring, so it can go in the node calendar.

- Sam: how often?
- Colin: 3-4 weeks?
- Michael: every 4 weeks
- Sam: every 4 weeks
- Michael: will put it in the calendar recurring every 4 weeks from July 13th
- Sam: time OK?
- Colin: works for me

## Talking about security release processes

- Michael: some discussion occuring about docing the sec release process in the
(private) nodejs/security issue tracker, but perhaps it should be moved to
here? Particularly some of the processes around doing security releases is a
bit different from normal releases.
- Colin: if we are going to list node core vulns, it makes sense for us to
document it
- Sam: the processes are private ATM
- Michael: will take a cut at documenting the current process
- Sam: might also be worth discussing membership criteria for the security
triage group, it should be clear

## Issue review

Review open issues to determine if there are any actionables. Close issue if
not, call for volunteers if there are:

On https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/27:

Worth looking at rubysec.com, they store vuln advisories for both ruby
and gems, https://github.com/rubysec/ruby-advisory-db

On https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/18, should we document what is/is not a vulnerability?

- Dawson: yes
- Sam: where?
- Colin+Dawson: in security-wg, link from nodejs/node:README's security section

On https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/17:

- Josh: taken a look at HackerOne and BugCrowd, generally liked HackerOne a bit
more, but its been a year
- Sam: things I think would be important: 1) some way of limiting who can see a
vuln during pre-disclosure to the reporter and node security triage group, 2)
after-disclosure, the previously private history should be able to become
public, 3) there needs a publish path of some sort from the tool to whatever
form we publish vulnerabilities in, 4) general usability, etc.
- Josh: some sorts of metadata or labelling should be possible
- Josh: do we need support for a bug bounty program?
- Sam: who would pay the bounties?
- Josh: the core infrastructure project could do this if a proposal was made to
them from the node foundation
- Josh: before bug bounties we’d want to make sure the automatable vuln
discovery is happening, such as with seml
- Josh: can talk to the semmle folks to see if they can help us out
- Michael: can you submit an issue for us to integrate this


On https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/16:

- Sam: what do we do with the data? Individual files in a git repo? If so,
which git repo?
- Josh: individual json files seems reasonable
- Colin: rubysec.com is a good example of doing this
- Danny: for consumption of data, github is reasonable, and looking at
rubysec.com is a good model (maybe json instead of yaml). Same repo as
security-wg
- Colin: lets keep it in sec-wg
- Sam: cvss actually useful?
- Danny: not perfect, but has some info in it, such as remote vs local, impact,
CIA (Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability), severity is derived from the
score
- Sam: should we attempt to get a CVE ID for every vulnerability? We haven’t
done that for node systematically in the past
- Colin: helps getting our vulnerabilities into public DBs
- Sam: michael, how hard is it to get them?
- Michael: applied more than 8-10 days ago, no response yet
- Danny: only 20-30% of npm packages get CVEs for vulnerabilities. Distributed
weakness filing project makes the ID request process a bit simpler. Getting
CVEs for node should be faster for node than npm packages, but is still not
fast.  The distributed weakness project is intended to be faster than mitre,
for things like npm packages, but Danny hasn’t seen it be much faster in
practice.
- Sam: naming? “Node foundation vulnerability database”?
- Danny: “npm and node vulnerability database”?
- Colin: didn’t the nsp project get donated to the NF?
- Sam: don’t think so, just the vulnerability data. This is covered in issue https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/4

# Actions

- Michael: will document the security release process
- Michael: will add recurring sec-wg meeting to calendar
- Sam: will schedule the next WG meeting
- Sam: will look at https://github.com/rubysec/ruby-advisory-db to see how they
  store vulnerabilities for gems and ruby.
- Sam: will PR a description of what Node.js considers a security issue (https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/18)
- JoshBW: will evaluate HackerOne and BugCrowd (https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/16, https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/17)
- JoshBW: will investigate what it takes to get a semmle.com license for Node.js
  as an open source project (https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/29)
