# Node.js Foundation Security WorkGroup Meeting 2018-09-06

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2pTvVMCpDk
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/398

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Liran Tal (@lirantal)
* Vladimir de Turckheim (@vdeturckheim)

 ## Agenda

## Announcements

* No announcements 
 
*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Migrate vulnerability database to it own repo [#359](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/359)
   * new repo created
   * working on moving data over
   * Once happy weâ€™ll switch over after 60 days.
   * Liran, new issue to discuss using new id format?
   * Vladimir + Michael -> yes

* Create issue to propose session at JSInteractive collaborator summit [#358](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/358)
  * should hear today/tomorrow on schedule for collaborator summit. Nothing else
    to discuss today.

## Q&A, Other

* No questions today

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


