# Node.js Foundation Security WorkGroup Meeting 2018-06-14

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufj6w4uZKJk
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/303

## Present

* Liran Tal (@lirantal)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Alex Knol (@elexy)
* Vladimir de Turckheim (@vdeturckheim)
* Bryce Baril (@brycebaril)
* Colin Ihrig (@cjihrig)
* Reed Loden (@reedloden)
* David Gonzalez (@dagonzago)
* Danny Grander (@grnd)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Review membership [#302](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/302)
  * Discussed in the meeting, no objections, all those in attendance agreed we should do that.
  * Michael to take to open the initial issue.

* Acknowledging most active hackers for ecosystem [#293](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/293)
  * Vlad - we can do more to recognize some of the hackers who are doing a great job
    reporting.
  * Liran, better job of twittering
  * Hackers board in readme
  * Webinars and conferences
  * Written interviews on the medium publication
  * Monthly/quarterly spotlight
  * Next actions
    * Update readme to link to https://hackerone.com/nodejs/thanks and https://hackerone.com/nodejs-ecosystem/thanks (Vladimir)
    * Schedule tweets that reference link(Michael)
    * Define process/recognition for significant contribution (Liran/Vladimir)
    * Invite to panel at Node summit?

* Alex Knol (@Elexy) into the third party triage team (and security working group) [#284](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/284)
  * All agreed, Welcome aboard.

* Brainstorm capturing/documenting areas people can contribute [#253](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/253)
  * Already discussed, take off of the agenda.

* License of the database [#156](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/156)
  * Vladimir took action to update the Readme.md to confirm database is under MIT
    just like the rest of the repo.

* Node.js docker release -> when scanned it reports issues
  * Best to open issue in docker-node repo to discuss, centos does job of data
    management, not necessarily that debian is vulnerable but itâ€™s hard to tell.
  * We should help figure figure out to push forward.
  * Issue is https://github.com/nodejs/docker-node/issues/787

* Collaborator summit, met with Mark from summit, discussed working on fuzzing
   again.  Having call with him on Monday, welcome to join just let Vladimir know if
   you want to join.
 
## Q&A, Other

No questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

