# Node.js Foundation Security WorkGroup Meeting 2018-08-09

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKPFH8U7pqU 
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/370

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Vladimir de Turckheim (@vdeturckheim)
* Liran Tal (@lirantal)
* Colin Ihrig (@cjihrig)
* Bradley Farias (@bfarias)

## Agenda

## Announcements

* No announcements this week.
 
*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Process for recognizing work [#362](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/362)
  * Some of the items are already ongoing (Tweet is happening). Some points are still TBD:
    * Website usage
    * Swag
  * It makes sense to land the PR even with the TBD.
  * Having our own logo would be a good way to get swag without having to go through the
    Foundation


* Migrate vulnerability database to it own repo [#359](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/359)
  * Good plan but how to handle migration?
  * Having the standalone repo mirroring the WG repo for a couple of months
  * Let’s start mirroring and announce at the same time to give users the time to give feedback
  * Mirroring with a cron job to should do the trick
  * Can we possibly have a switch on/off flag of removing or disabling the vuln db on the
    current repo - to be able to attract attention from vuln db clients and we should be
    able to easily switch it back on to not break the integration until the client can
    migrate to the new repository

  * Vladimir to open an issue to announce the TSC that a repo will be created
    * in the admin repo (see https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/GITHUB_ORG_MANGEMENT_POLICY.md#repositories) 

* Create issue to propose session at JSInteractive collaborator summit [#358](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/358)
  * We need to decide what Agenda we want to tackle, work in the issue
  * Let’s tweet/advertise in advance to ask people what they expect from the Security WG
  * We worked on the outline of the session

* Establishing information for the vuln db [#351](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/351)
 * We can update the banner on the website and get (re)Tweets with the Foundation account
 * We invite DB users to PR themselves in the document

* Acknowledging most active hackers for ecosystem [#293](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/293)
 * Linked to the conversation earlier, 362
 * closed in favor of 362

* Discussion on membranes - https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/376
 * Would like to reserve/extend meeting on the 23rd Aug to cover
   * Object capabilities
   * Want to extend to  1 ½ , 1 hour pres, ½ questions
   * Suggesting we schedule for the 23rd.
   * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Object-capability_model for background doc
   * Generally performance is almost as good as when running without membranes
   
## Q&A, Other

No Questions this week.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


