# Node.js Foundation Security WorkGroup Meeting 2018-12-31

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2CC7Y9qtj8s
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/462

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Liran Tal (@lirantal)
* Bradley Farias (@bmeck)
* Nikita Skovoroda (@ChALkeR)
* David Gonzalez (@dgonzalez)
* Sam Roberts (@sam-github)

## Agenda

## Announcements
 
*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

* Bradley
  * earlier we had a discussion on security checks in
    Node.js.https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/23834.  Comments seems to have tapered off
    so will be trying to land flagged. 
  * Discussion on the TC39 side on the security side, if you want an invite to reach out to Bradley.
    More info in https://github.com/nodejs/modules/issues/245.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Nominate Matt Austin to join the Security WG and Triage team [#434](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/434)
  * If anyone objects please comment in issue, otherwise will be onboarded on in next week.

* Vulnerabilities from academics [#415](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/415)
  * Liran reached out to Jamie but have not connected yet.  Goal is to get some of the
    vulnerabilities flowed into the community database.

* \[ANN\]: refactor report id field to be auto-generating, Deadline: 10.11.2018 [#402](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/402)
  * Some discussion about changing ids for existing reports.
  * Discussion was to just leave existing IDs as is, and for new reports use the new
    Id format.
  * Comment that most references are through hacker one versus directly to
    community database.
  * Liran will also open new issue/tweet to publicise that it is going forward

* Migrate vulnerability database to it own repo [#359](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/359)
  * Just waiting for Vladimir to make the change.

* Length of time that CVE’s are taking to be assigned
  * David was asking if there is anything we can do to speed it up?
  * Michael how long is it taking?
  * David will get some data and then we’ll discuss further. 

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.


