# Node.js Security WorkGroup Meeting 2021-03-25

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/WZbBZ-8-qYE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/743
* **Minutes Google Doc**: $MINUTES_DOC$

## Present

* Security wg team: @nodejs/security-wg

## Agenda

## Announcements

Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.


### nodejs/security-wg
* Refocusing the Ecosystem Security WG on OpenJS Foundation projects [#662](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/662)

On the past couple of meetings, we've been discussing how we can refocus the working groups on OpenJS projects and help them not only any bug bounty program for the Foundation projects but also with any  security knowledge/help they may need. 

In this meeting, @mhdawson presented the different OpenJSF candidates that this working group can transform into:
* Working groups: Similar to Node.js Working Groups. A key differentiator is that the CPC delegates some responsibility to the WG.
* Teams: Less formal where a group of people who get to gether to work on a particular area. Not been given reponsibility to formaly make decisions. 
* Collaboration Spaces: Can be formed by people that are not closely tied to the core work and the CPC work where they can come, talk and champion things that are important to the Javascript ecosystem.

Based on our discussion and unless someone from the WG is participating in the CPC, the collaboration space is probably the most straightforward apporach but we'd need to clearly define what is our goal and how we can start working towards it.


## Q&A, Other

This was the first meeting with the new date/time. As a reminder, we will alternate the meeting days/times between:

Mondays, 4pm UTC
Thursdays, 2pm UTC

The next meeting will be on a Monday, 4pm UTC.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.