# Node.js  Security team Meeting 2023-10-26

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xzcxSaiYAE
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1134
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/12aKt3F7EIiG3I3-k836rzN5lAAR4iy9Jy9zyNdl1TdM/edit

## Present

* Security wg team: @nodejs/security-wg
* Ulises gascon: @ulisesGascon
* Marco Ippolito: @marco-ippolito
* Thomas GENTILHOMME @fraxken
* Rafael Gonzaga @RafaelGSS
* Carlos Espa @Ceres6
* Michael Dawson @mhdawson

## Agenda

## Announcements

New releases including security patches.

*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [X] Vulnerability Review - https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-dependency-vuln-assessments/issues
  - zlib vulnerability doesn’t affect Node.js
  - One of the OpenSSL vulnerabilities affects Windows users of Node.js. A assessment blog post will be published soon
- [X] OpenSSF Scorecard Monitor Review
  - Details: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1140
  - The visualizer will get patched soon
  - Discussion about when we need to recommend pin dependencies or not in the organization
  - Would make sense to just monitor packages that we expose to the community (nodejs, undici)
  - Ulises to remove from the monitor the repos that are not relevant like (docs, archived..)
 
### nodejs/security-wg

* Have a SBOM for Node.js? [#1115](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1115)
  * It requires a big machine (50G RAM) - v8 might take 17h of intensive computation
  * breakdown all of dependencies and start small
  * Discussions about how the package-lock.json should be used for npm SBOM

* License checker process/script [#1104](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1104)
  * Currently https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/main/.github/workflows/license-builder.yml is checking the license changes in a reactive way

* Audit build process for dependencies [#1037](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1037)
  * working on the package lock as the next step on this

* Initiative for CII-Best-Practices for Nodejs Projects [#953](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/953)
  * Ulises to consolidate previous feedback and provide context for Gold level PR (discussion).
  * Let’s invite Jordan to help us with Gold level discussion and support for Silver in a date that works for most of us so we can focus the meeting into this topics.

* Permission Model - Roadmap [#898](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/898)
  * Carlos Espa is working on support relative paths
    * Rafael will review his work
    * Windows should be tested
  * Support to diagnostic channel is being evaluated

* Automate security release process [#860](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/860)
  * removed from the agenda eventually
* Assessment against best practices (OpenSSF Scorecards ...) [#859](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/859)
  - Rafael made 5 PRs to improve the scoring in the org
  - Removed from the agenda


## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

