# Node.js Security team Meeting 2024-12-05

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvE__vam0TA
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1407

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Rafael Gonzaga (@RafaelGSS)
* Ulises Gascón (@UlisesGascon)
* Georges Dugué (@GeorgesDugue)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [x] Vulnerability Review - https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-dependency-vuln-assessments/issues
- [x] OpenSSF Scorecard Monitor Review
  - https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/1411
  - The Node.js has decreased 0.8 due a change in GitHub actions (tokens permissions) due the release automation initiative (https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/556f1aece2c21e39fafae13d2cf1832f5d4fcd59/.github/workflows/create-release-proposal.yml#L26). report: https://ossf.github.io/scorecard-visualizer/#/projects/github.com/nodejs/node/compare/6db7b2422dfee56af15ff6ca895587d36c6683c6/556f1aece2c21e39fafae13d2cf1832f5d4fcd59
     - This is expected now, it will be fixed soon (PR on the way)
  - Similar for Nodejs.org with `.github/workflows/translations-pr-lint-and-format.yml`. https://ossf.github.io/scorecard-visualizer/#/projects/github.com/nodejs/nodejs.org/compare/f116efe39e942f67b302b3e9853c823a9beff92d/39855a75a4b382d0fbc39c1f3b611860b91b12f7 and code review decreased
     - @ulises: I will try to create an exception for this pipeline

### nodejs/node

* tools: update clang-format to v19 #55201
  * We left a comment in the issue and removed from the agenda

* src: add WDAC integration (Windows) #54364
  * Skip - Waiting for rdw-msft to join the meeting

### nodejs/security-wg

* Add a warning on EOL versions #1401
  * discussed that creating a CVE for EOL versions when doing a security release
  * discussed issuing a single CVE for an EOL version, seems like we have agreement
    in the issue.  
  * Rafael, discussed Robin suggested we share via social to share our plan first, and then do
    it. 
  * Ulises, issuing CVEs will affect corporate environments but developers don’t really see that. Emitting a warning would help them to know when they are using an insecure version.
  * Michael, what about hardcoding the EOL dates in Node.js and then when time passes we display the warning?
  * Rafael, Ulises: offline environments or environments where the system clock isn’t correct will be affected. We think that is too risky and prone to several bugs

* Audit build process for dependencies #1037
  * all three deps with WASM now use common wasm-builder container
  * next is to look at updaters for amaro and cjs-module lexer to make sure you can 
    build from what is in nodejs/deps for the dep.

* Extend security reporting for LTS lines beyond their lifetimes #1025
  * wait for Marco to join, likely replaced by the issues to do CVE and warning for
    EOL versions

* Automate security release process #860
  * good progress, including automation for regular releases as well
  * updates to git node security --pre-announce and --post-announce
  * planning video to show stewards how to use automation and to pull in a steward for
    the next release so they can give feedback on the automation.

* Abort when vulnerable flag #852
  * going to remove from agenda as it's done

* Node.js maintainers: Threat Model #1333
  * Not enough time to dive in this week.

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
