# Meeting NPM - 2025-09-16

Initial discussion available in https://openjs-foundation.slack.com/archives/CTPN0DFF0/p1758020687297589

# Attendees

- Rafael Gonzaga (@RafaelGSS)
- Jean Burellier (@sheplu)
- Wes Todd (@wesleytodd)
- Chris de Almeida (@ctcpip)
- Claudio Wunder (@ovflowd)
- Pelle Wessman (@voxpelli) (Mocha)
- Pooya Parsa (@pi0)
- Benjamin Sternthal
- Gar (npm)
- Jon Jensen (@jenseng)
- Joe Sepi
- Joshua Godi
- Kate Powell
- Leo Balter (npm PM)
- Michaela Laurencin
- Robin Ginn (@rginn) (OpenJS ED)
- Sam Attard
- Sebastian Beltran
- Ulises Gascon (@UlisesGascon)

## Agenda:ish

* Rafael intro
* Leo Balter contextualizes what's going on from their side
* Rafael / Ulises / Wes contextualizes what's going on from OpenJS side

## Notes

* Leo:
  * Working with npm registry as PM
  * Capacity is limited from NPM team.
  * Authentication is the next target from NPM team
  * Focused on fast iterative improvements over moonshot projects
  * Plans to use github authentication for npm accounts (can be enforced) (not yet fully synced with npm cli team)

* Gar is the contact around NPM CLI

## Questions and Answers

* Ask to npm team:
  * Wes: Are there discussions happening to have 2FA Actions baked into the CLI
  * Leo: npm team resource constrained, but auth is next up on the priority list
  * Sam: Why 2FA requirement/enforcement is a no-go?
    * Leo: account recovery should be fixed before enabling it. Stronger authentication (using GitHub authentication), resolves the account recovery and then enforcement of 2FA can be done.

  * Jean: Currently, the safe way is someone publishing from their own computer. We need a way to configure permissions for publish a package in a more granular way. What would be a good pipeline with 2FA enforcement? Which solution do we have to ensure that a GitHub Account takeover is not successful for single and multi maintainers project?

  * Gar: https://github.com/npm/rfcs/pull/92
  * Gar: Folks left the ecosystem when they first inforced 2fa on high impact packages. This is a cultural problem, not just a technical one
* Gar: We need you all (Us on the call) to lead here. It is not you all the call who we need to help here. 
* Leo: having more people using it (trusted-publishing) helps drive resolving issues.
* Wes: We can't promote trusted-publishing until some gaps are closed (2FA support). Currently, it's proven to not be safer than the usual method.

* Pelle: I think trusted-publishing enables npm to leverage the wider trusted-publishing support within the GitHub Actions ecosystem and as such solving some of the constraints of the npm team, is there something to that?

* Rafael: where can we help as a community?
    * Leo: Registry is closed source, so not much to help there.
    * Leo: Can we define the work for a better auth story?
    * Rafael: keep this line open, npm can come to us to give feedback and help build a stronger relationship
    * Leo: I just want to make sure I don't over promise, we need to set correct expectations. I want to be able to take 
    action on the feedback.
    * Wes: We're here to support npm and want to make it easier to succeed. Lots of work to do that can take place at the OpenJS Security Collab Space https://github.com/openjs-foundation/security-collab-space and at JSConf North America.
* Jean: Lets share our express proposal with the npm tea
* Robin: Communities are looking to GitHub/npm and OpenJS for security guidance following recent incidents. Let's align on messaging that we can promote and amplify from trusted voices. 

// Questions from chat

* Ulises, Can we help to increase capacity? Like helping with the Open Source pieces on npm?
